hi i am a nasa scientist jim garvin today
would like to share with you one of
most stunning callers
memories pictures of the universe which
ever done and these are my top shots
today we go to the moon to
View pictures taken l lesson
orbital reconnaissance in 2009 lesson
engaged in mapping the moon and here
five of my favorite pictures
number five aristarchus see reaction here
Mother Nature on the cosmic
collision impact crater on this
image shows about five kilometers
relief the internal wall slopes in this
giant shock punishers were
ejected from inside the lunar crust which
Mother Nature is here for the first time
arranged solar system go to
number 4 lunar south pole on this
picture you see perhaps the coldest
place in the solar system in the shadows
craters that you see here
temperatures can be below 25 degrees
kelvin is colder than on pluto on this
in the picture we also see places that
hide the remains of ancient ice frozen
in this part of the solar system are billions
years ago number three lunar emissions
The material in this snapshot is reminiscent
abstract art is visible process
shock mapping of the moon's surface
her young age this beautiful shot
shows us how dust and rocks
moved or knocked out by this
process as they are distributed by
moon surface this beautiful shot
shows us how this process works
in the whole solar system number two
lunar tunnel is very characteristic
picture we see that such pits show
process of destruction of the lunar crust
possible destruction of punishment over ancient
the river of glory that flowed on the moon very
long led to the formation of tunnels under
the surface of the moon
such a snapshot offers us to study
in the future completely new conditions on
the moon and the first shot
the crater is quietly formed when
colossal cosmic collision in
dinosaur times on earth if
zoom in picture can be seen
the consequences of this blow
who created a mountain of five kilometers
tall is the largest impact crater in
land system
on on top of that slide are
giant rocks the size of a house
discarded on impact
this is mother nature at its best
manifestation
these were my top hotel rock shots with you
was john green